Fix weird sentence in the proxy docs (#6002)
hashicorp/consul: website/source/docs/connect/proxies.html.md

configure Envoy or the built-in proxy using Connect, and how to integrate the
proxy of your choice.

To ensure that services only allow external connections established via

> the Connect protocol, they should only accept connections on a loopback address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Connect protocol, you should configure Connect to only accept connections on a loopback address.
```
This seems a little more clear on the operators responsibilities.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the Connect protocol, you should configure all services to only accept connections on a loopback address.
```
